== Welcome to marks4.us

marks4.us is a simple bookmarking site.
I'm not actually very interested in the bookmarking feature.

I'm more interested in the three types of accounts which access the site.

Type 1 is "Anonymous".  An anonymous-user can create bookmarks but I will remove them 1 month after their last "GET".
Also bookmarks created by an anonymous-user might be mixed with other bookmarks because marks4.us cannot distinguish
between anonymous-users.
A type 1 account appeals to a user too rushed to want a registration experience.

Type 2 account is "Unconfirmed".  An unconfirmed-user does not supply an e-mail address to marks4.us during registration.
An unconfirmed-user can create bookmarks but I will remove them 2 months after their last "GET".
Also if an unconfirmed-user loses his password, it is tough-luck since I don't know his e-mail address.
A type 2 account appeals to a user who lacks access to e-mail during registration.
This might be someone on a smart-phone or a public computer.

Type 3 account is "Confirmed" and this is the type of account you find on most large websites.
A confirmed-user supplies an e-mail address during registration.
After registration he waits for an e-mail from marks4.us and he then "confirms" his account 
by following a unique URL within the e-mail.
A confirmed-user can create bookmarks which should reside in the site permanently.

I intend to create this account infrastructure using my brain-power with a lot of help from the Devise-Gem.

marks4.us is built on top of Rails.

Rails is a web-application framework that includes everything needed to create
database-backed web applications according to the Model-View-Control pattern.

If you have questions, E-Me: 
Dan@Hackternoon.com
